Tarcloud's portrait on my side
Well that's always going on everyday
I really become a super dream artist when I'm in the cloud
It can not be
also
It is not always so I was evaluated later even if it is not understood at that time
The possibility of really great art only artists can not I et al understanding I have full
There is also something
There is no such thing only in that cloud
Raw material
Anta of serious Ne'
Saying it's time for Yale to spread my talents to the world
Somewhat great Chung way to popular cloud stamp generation
Since also I rather Minnie just do my best I
I look forward to it
Doing Nante gorgeous Board side by side all right kana Oh Do graffiti
Everyone is this
Bad What Well on after all is I Nante meeting
New art is something that can not be evaluated at first
But you are noisy Repayment can not be defeated once or twice
The order of words is too early today.
It looks like my grandson wrote
Umm this is a work by the up-and-coming genius type cloud thumbtack
It's a small exception
Simple and bold because it is a genius
Here is a representation of the soul and upper row that could not be achieved with vivid and dynamic existing artists
Hey do mon Hi of it is in the
I have a feeling that only go heart soothing
The paintings of the high- tech dam genius cloud thumbtack is definitely a popular explosion
Let me tell your friends
Cloud is also fun for the exhibition
Do not come even anyway one person I'll have become a popular
Jan cleaner directly opposite table legs
Let's eat rice in front of the house
But here's a picture of the genius painter Heather
Kachimaru one no do not know the kit Wasilla
Oh
Cloud Do you truly Hey genius with still moving but the wedge
Heal with a baby
Discuss yesterday
Aim to be a good edwar
Let's run
Wait
pane
Ah ah ah ah